CCore is a development platform. 
Its primary purpose is a real-time embedded development, 
but it also a great platform for a usual host development. 

CCore gives a more professional language support for C++ development, 
than a standard C++ library, with greater attention to details of 
implementation, efficiency, robustness and derivability. 
It is also more "encyclopedic". 

Another important CCore mission: it opens the power of C++ to the system development. 
It also eliminates borders between system and application development, 
bringing methods, custom to system development, to the application level and back. 
It also provides a great support for the network and distributed development.

CCore introduces number of new technologies, including
 1. PTP -- new network protocol, and descendants,
 2. DDLv2 -- data definition language, substitution for XML,
 3. Packets -- system-level infrastructure for mass asynchronous request processing,
 4. and much more.... 

You can find more information inside the project tree. 
The root contains the file index.html, which is the root of the extensive html
documentation, supplied with the project. The first two sections: Introduction 
and Installation, should be red to start working with CCore. Yoy can also read 
CCore wiki on github to brief yourself about this project.

CCore 3-xx is built using C++17. It is not fully backward compartible with 2-xx series.

Online documentation is http://sergeystrukov.github.io/CCore-3-xx/ or http://sergeystrukov.github.io/CCore-3-60/.

---- Status ----

Currently the master branch is the "latest release".
I keep it in a healthy condition.
Minor changes, small improvements, bug fixes, documentation updates.
I don't plan for major updates in this series.
You may find CCore tool executables for the target WIN32utf8 at the following link https://1drv.ms/f/s!AOZGgZ-2_qMrgm0.
It also contains cygwin gcc-9.1.0 compilers for supported targets.

The next series will be 4-xx, it will come after the next major development tools update, past 2020.
Stay tuned.

----------------
